
12/21/18

I'm trying to de-stress. Releasing MonGirlTile on steam was great and all, but really stressful.

So.

I want to do the funnest possible thing next and that means events. Just. Just do it.

And event should have flavor text and an effect. Effects....don't really make sense yet
since there's not party members or cash or anything...well there IS how long it will take?

Maybe flavor text should be tied to the effect itself? Or should an event have one and only one effect?

Does it make sense to let them breed to? like?

PARTYMEMBER caught DYSSENTRY: LOSE ONE DAY
vs
PARTYMEMBER caught DYSSENTRY: PAY 13 GRIST.

Probably not, an effect is an effect is an effect. They should be hella simple.

So. Text + single effect? What about rarity?

PL is always talking about rare events make playing a game funner.

So, an Event has  text, oddsOfHappening and effect?

So the use case is...

User clicks "Travel" which puts them on a road.  The road has 0 or more events associated with it.
Every....second? Ten seconds? The road checks for events. ( could be configurable based on towns)

each event in the list rolls its dice, if the number is below its oddsOfHappening it goes.

Event: "GET BIT BY SNAKE" happens. (so events have a title too).
 User has to spend 1 more second on the raod.
 text displays "A SNAKE comes out of nowhere and bites INSERT PARTY MEMBER HERE. They roll around on the ground for awhile in agony. You never did trust snakes."

Title, flavorText (room for text engine (in title too), effect,oddsOfHapening





~~When I get back, wire town names up to TextEngine. have specific names be tied to genes???~~

actually wait NO DO NOT DO THAT.  You want word clouds to be tied to the premade towns. This is fine.

Or....templates?  ${nameOfOre}Burg? Things like that? Ask PL how that might be enabled later. Things not using the files....basically...

12/12/18

Alright. Time to make towns fuck.

Step 1:

Make initial town have a set genome, no randomness.

Have its children be related to IT and one randomly chosen cached town.

each town created is cached.

once cache hits 113, just start repeating.



okay, one thing i want to do is focus more on coding while i do it. i don't HAVE all day every day to work on farrago anymore so i gotta
get back to basics, back to discipline.

so that means no discord, so that means i ramble here instead. (hi wastes)

right now i'm going to spend at LEAST one hour coding LOMAT without being on discord or getting distracted.

My goals (in order) are:

* Integrate with Manic's procedural music.
* Integrate with KR's butterfly enemy
* Let towns fuck.
* Allow town caching.
* Let neighbor towns be random or cached.
* Create 'premade' towns.
* let neighbor towns also draw from premade
* implement a "triggerCondition" thing towns can have
* the default condition returns true.
* a town only is an option for triggering if its trigger condition is true
* premade towns have custom conditions (like, cattapillars killed is multiple of 85)
* allow premade towns to be built from a form and loaded from text (like big bads)
* implement travel events (effect currency, items, npc hp, time to travel, etc)
* actually have currency
* actually have an inventory/items
* actually let you pick up npcs and take them places
* allow gravestone generation (online feature???)

I think i can get 2.5 bullet points done.


At the end of nearly an hour and a half got music done, and butterfly done. 2 bullet points.



